Character: Augustus Park
Letter One-

The rat gave me these pages telling me I'd need them. 
Forgot his name, it was a real, like, person's name. Weird. 
Was taking it really seriously at first, like, "when you need them you'll know", but I think this might just be printer paper and a pen.
But I think I need them now because this train just got way weirder out of nowhere.
I have no one to talk about it with and I can't find my phone. \n
Taking my chances that these aren't magical pieces of printer. 
Will write more later. Getting motion sick.\n
A.P.

Alt
I hope I am using this right. He said "When you need them you'll know". 
But, how will I know? What if this is magic paper meant to be used in figuring this train out and I'm wasting them on this? 
They just look like normal printer paper. But they could be magic! I mean, the guy was a rat! Like an actual rat. 
He had a tail, whiskers and fur, but he spoke like a human. What was his name? 
Fall hurts? Foul hurst? Faul.. I don't know. 
Anyway, hopefully this paper stops me from losing my mind on here. \n
That is what I am hoping. \n
A.P.

Alt
Do the fireplaces on this train actually bring safety? Or are they another trick of the trani.
Its hard to know anything for sure. Where did I even get this paper from?
I mean, I know where I got it. At least I think I do.
He was a rat, his name was ... well I dont remember his name. But he was an actual rat and he gave me this paper.
He just said "When you need them you'll know". 
Just when I think I am starting to figure this place out.
Fireplaces huh? If journaling this wont stop me from losing my mind, maybe they will
Hope so.\n
A.P.

Alt
Is this what he meant? Because it sure would be handy if this paper could get me some more food.
Some more apples, meat.. or pumpkin? This place makes me hungry.
He just handed me this paper and said "When you need them you'll know".
But I am starting to think even if I find all the food I want, I might just lose my mind.
I mean, I was giving this paper by a rat! An actual talking rat.
Not that he said much. Yet I still felt like he understood me.
I'm hpoing I'll find another one of those 'in-door nature carts'. They seem to have food more often than not.\n
\n
Write more than.\n
A.P.

Letter One Point Five-

His name was Faulhurst, I ran into him again. The rat guy. \n\n

Yeah, he was just like oh, I just have a bunch of these papers, they're not magical or anything and they seem to help people cope. \n
I asked him, like, uhh, cope with what and he told me not to worry about it except he said it in a british accent.

I still don't think I'm ready to talk about what happened. \n
Or write it down. \n
Talking to the mouse seems way more normal. \n
Don't know why I'm able to talk about that and not this. \n
Yeesh.

Anyway. Uhh.\n
\n
A.P.

Letter Two-

Was invited to poker by skeletons there I said it.\n
A.P.

Letter Three-

Nothing quite as weird as the skeleton thing has happened yet.\n
More monsters mostly, lotta slimes, one crystal ant thing?
I can't stop thinking about the skeletons though.\n
That really weirded me out.
I'm not getting as motion sick writing this time.
I need to sit down for a little longer anyway. \n
Might as well keep writing, it feels nice.
Might be the breeze through the hole in this car. \n
It's really nice out. \n
We never had weather like this at home.
Think I'm gonna take a small nap.\n
A.P.

Alt
That skeleton thing was strange. Nothing else like that since though. \n
Passing lots of trees, mountains. \n
Its a pretty country.  \n
I didn't imagine those skeletons to be so inviting though, were they trying to trick me? \n
The whole things is uncomfortable.
Thinking about it makes me uneasy, or maybe its motion sickness. \n
Think I'm gonna take a small nap. \n
A.P. 

Letter Four-

I'm still waiting for more weird stuff to happen. 
I went into one of the boxcars and there were some skeletons sitting around a table.\n
I needed a place to sit and there was an open chair. 
I sat down and the skeletons were alive like they'd been that way the whole time.
They were in the middle of a conversation. \n
They were talking about weather, like, whether it was spring or summer, they couldn't tell.
They told me to ante up and I fell out of my chair and ran to the next boxcar.
I've been waiting for it to come back and it hasn't.\n
A.P.

Alt
Things are weird, but not as much as it has been. 
I'm on edge for the next thing. One of the creates just started glowing. \n
It got brighter as I approached it. It nearly blinded me, than it was gone. \n
I think I was in a different cart or things had switched around. 
I left quickly, and things seem normal again. \n
Hah, "normal". This train never ends. \n
A. P.

Letter Five-
I don't think I was expecting to do this much thinking on the train.
My friends said go for it. \n
My folks said don't waste your time. \n
I just kind of got caught up in the moment. 
Now that I'm here and I don't have a lot of people to, \n
my friends kind of feel like assholes and my parents... kind of do too, \n
but in a different way than before.
I just don't think I was expecting this much quiet.
I don't know how to play poker. I don't think my friends would play it with me.
I kind of miss the scythe? Like, it's nowhere near as good as the Euclander Spear, and it's cool, but I don't know, I liked the scythe. Also replaced my old ring.\n
A.P.

Letter Five Alternate-
I'm getting a lot of thinking done on this train.
This place is quiet. 
It's kind of what I was hoping for... \n
but I don't think that I knew what I was hoping for. 
I think I wanted to be somewhere different. \n
Now I'm somewhere different but what I didn't think about was the ringing in my ears. 
Like, the train's bumpy and loud, but it's loud in, I dunno, a sort of drone-y, monotone-y way.
My parents never say anything, but man it didn't even feel like this at home.
Found a brass ring of hardiness. Way better than the silver nourishment ring. Why would I find that now? I've been in here a while.\n
A.P.

Letter Six-
A rose between the cracks\n
Of a quickly\n
Of two wooden\n
Of a gently moving\n

Alt-
A dark cloud\n
Passes by\n
But not without raining on the\n
But not\n
Swiftly\n
Quickly it rains as if to\n
As if \n
On the way to a destiny\n
that I don't c\n
That doesn't concern me.\n
Augustus Park

Alt 2-
M̵̧̛̭̳̯͈̮̗̦͉͈͑̈́́̍̓̇͌̈́̌́̒͐̇̾͑̀̊̆̓͐̓̚͘͝͠y̴̧̖̖̳͖̜̯̪̳̤̘͚̹͖̱͕̱̟͎̦̝͖͊̊̀̋̇̓̂̍̆̎́͜͜͝͝ͅ ̴̢̛̛̫͖̦̱̻̭̩̱̹͓͉͎̭̬͓́̒́̄͛̾͗̐̑̂̀̒̍̽͆͑̿̓̕͝͠ͅͅl̴̛̫̝̗͔͎̙̑͂̓̎̇̒̓́͊̐͋͗͆̀͊͗̎͗̉̒̂̽͆̚͝͝͝͠ơ̵̟̱̙͉̆̍̂͋͆̈͛̋̈́̅̾͛͒͒̆̓͗̀͘͝v̵̛͎̼̔̾͊̈̀͑̍̒̈̆̂́̏̌̈́́̄̀̈́͊͆͛̚͘̚͘̚̕͝͝͝ͅę̶̞̼̼̖̗̥͚͚̽̐͒͗̈́̒̃̀̍̌͠ ̴̢̢̨̛̛̻̭̣̗̘͓͕̠͍̹̗̥̮̫̜͓̤̠̺͖̩̫͇̪̘̠̦͆̏́̒̈́́̑͆̆̌̋́̈́͌̇̈͌̅́̅͌̐̈̂͂̅̎̓̓͒̇̕͘͜͝ͅÍ̵̧͙̖͈̼̹͔̼̝̙̯͍͉̘̻͆̄́̉͒͌̅͊̉̿̓̊̀̀̈̇̐̄͑̀̾̔̔̑̌͘̚͜͝ͅ ̴̨̬͕̣̻̟̳̭̭̦͖̭̰͕̖̱̗̘̻̺̘̭͙͇͍̭͖̲̃̀̋̂̈͆͌̋͗̈́̓̃̈̒̂̑͂͐̋̚͜͠͠͠w̶̨̡̰͉̖̝̺͖̬̹̠̟̲͉͙̲͈̫̟̜̳̩̻̙̠̥͗̆́̈͐̒̓̾͑̊̈́̒̏̌̑̆̅͒̐͑͂̈̽̆͛̐͌̈̏͗̊́̚͘͜ỏ̷̢̨̨̢̡͚͎͚͕͓̠͔̙̲̜̣̜̟͚͕̝̼̠͇̄̂̈́̄͂̾͊͛̊̽̈́̈͐͗̈́̕͜͝͝͝ͅr̶̨̰̰̒̌̉͗̉̿́̌̅̉͂̓̇͒̅̓ȓ̵̢̡̺̬͍̲̤̼͔̘̳̮̣̩͍̟̘̻̲̞̥̯̪͎͚̻͚̰̳͚̬̱̥̩͖̎y̶̢̡̛͓͍̺̣͈̠̭̟̗͉̺͍͍̩̥͎̱̱̟͉̻̣̫̍́̽́̀̅̃͂̏̌̄̉̏̕͠ ̵̢̮̟̥̼͕̝̱̱̺͒̉͒̅ḯ̶̡̧̪̟̰̩͕̹̙̮͓̩̰͎̳̬̱̮̠̰̟̣̰̬̼͒̃̀f̴̛̪̙͔͕̏͊̎̽̅͛̂̽̈́̎̑̔̏̾̐̿̈́̿̈́͆̄́̂͌̈́́̀̂̏̕͠
[As if to imply a line roughly scratched out]

Letter Seven-
Getting hungry.

Letter Eight-
Found food. \n
Saw Faulhurst again long enough time today to ask him for another pen.

Letter Nine-
Is it possible I'm surrounded by people I don't like?

Alt-
I need to think some stuff over. \n
Also I'm getting hungrier quicker lately, what's up with that?

Letter Ten-
I don't want to go home, but I don't think I want to stay here. 
At least I don't want to keep going through the train. \n
Like, it's fun, don't get me wrong, but I already beat The Erstwhile Monarch. 
I don't know what he was supposed to be doing here, I haven't been paying attention. 
I don't even know what I'm doing here, actually. 
I think I can leave now, it's been… a long time since I got on here. 
I've got enough stuff on me to prove to my friends that I found it, and my parents probably called the police or something.
I don't want to though. I don't want to be here and I don't want to leave.
This place hasn't run out of surprises, it's not that. I just don't think I'm supposed to still be here.
But I mean, I leave and then what?\n
A.P.

Letter Eleven-
I like sitting down\n
And resting my head on wind
A sunlit blanket\n
A.P.

Alt-
I could die right here\n
Beside the zooming pasture
and never wake up\n
A.P.

Letter Twelve-
I found a table with three skeletons sitting around it but when I sat down nothing happened. 
Of all the weird stuff that's happened on this train, I think that may have been the one thing I was actually dreaming.
It makes me really sad.\n
And I don't know why.
Like, what, I didn't have enough freaky stuff happening? \n
Like that thing had to be real? 
Am I really so hungry for friends that I'm trying to find this one specific group of skeletons who didn't treat my being there like it was any kind of big deal? 
Like for whatever reason being told to ante up, like I was always welcome there without having to, like, prove myself was supposed to be some kind of big deal?

Letter Thirteen-
If I don't get off this train today, I think I'm going to vomit. \n
I need to eat something too, I'm hungry again.

Letter Fourteen-
I don't think I'm going to care if my parents called the police 
and I don't think I'm going to care if my friends are impressed with the stuff I'm bringing back. 
I think I just want to lay down somewhere that isn't moving or trying to entertain me. I can always come back if I want to.
This is stupid. \n
This whole thing is stupid. 
Mom's gonna be pissed and Dad's not gonna care. \n
I'll have to go back to school and I'm probably going to flunk Calc. Who cares?
But I mean, there's got to be something better back home? \n
Maybe? \n
Like I don't know what it is, everyone at school sucks, everyone at home sucks, Marcus is in another country and it's going to be the same crap over and over again, but...
I don't know. \n
Maybe somewhere between the cracks there's something to want? 
I can't think of anything. I'm just kind of putting my money down that maybe there's something somewhere.
Especially since I think I may have finally cleared this place out.
If anyone finds this, pretend you didn't see it.\n
Augustus Park
