Character: Jay Kuruvilla, The Time Traveler

Letter One-
Testing.
Jay Kuruvilla
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
Hello?
Magic paper?
Is this magic paper?
A mouse is watching me. He looks sad.

Letter Two-
Fire spell.
Cast!
Jay Kuruvilla

Letter Three-
Hello,
This is Jay Kuruvilla. I am aboard the infinite prison train. 
I have been told by Faulhurst, the small mouse, that this is not magic paper and that he probably will not think to tell me this when we see each other again. He claims it will be the last for him, but not for me. I am very confused.
I think that I would like to go home, but not enough. I still would like to see what else is in this train. The monsters are terrifying, and my weapons break on them. I have no idea. When I asked the mouse, he laughed and told me that I would get it soon enough. He's explained this before?
My word I am confused.
-Jay Kuruvilla

Letter Four-
Hello,
I worked very very hard and got very hurt but I was able to kill a monster. I found Faulhurst again and he was surprised. He seems to like me a lot, he is very friendly. He asked me how I am still killing monsters? I don't know what he meant. He shook his little head and told me he was talking to himself.
Faulhurst is strange but he laughs a lot and he seems to be happy to see me whenever we cross paths. I am excited to see him again!
-Jay Kuruvilla

Letter Five-
Hello,
I have not seen Faulhurst again, but I have killed another monster! It was a slime! Much easier to kill! Much much easier! I had to attack it many many times to see that it was not playing a joke on me!
My first meeting with Faulhurst was strange. I have not had the time to write it down. He cried when I told him that I had not seen him before, that he was a new friend. He left for a moment and returned with this paper and pen. He had to try to not cry, it made me very sad. Nothing aboard this train makes any sense, mostly that.
-Jay Kuruvilla

Letter Six-
Hello,
I cannot continue. I may need to leave this train. In the next room there is a frightful man made of dark fire and charred flesh. His power is so strong and I feel as though it is about time for me to go home.
I wish to continue, yes. I do. But I may not be able to.
I would like very much to speak to Faulhurst again.
-Jay Kuruvilla

Letter Seven-
Hello,
I am writing this with Faulhurst in the room. He is telling me I will make it past the creature in the next room. I am unsure, but he tells me to trust him, and that it is not a thing to question. Rather he says it is a fact, that I will make it past this creature.
He wants to write something on this paper. Here he goes.
He's referring to the Erstwhile Monarch. He makes it. I didn't believe it either. It's all true. You were right. -F
Faulhurst wants me to show this letter to him next time we meet, or whenever we see each other again.
-Jay Kuruvilla and Faulhurst

Letter Eight-
I am still in this room. Faulhurst has brought food. I showed him the letter he instructed me to show him at a later time. He took a look over it and told me that this was too early, and to show me again the next time we met. We ate together. Faulhurst told me he believes we're in the middle now. I asked him to explain, but he told me that he would explain everything to him eventually.
He said I was the most fascinating passenger he's ever seen on this train. He told me that he hopes that he has more time with me than I have with him. He is very strange, but he makes me laugh.
-Jay Kuruvilla

Letter Nine-
I have succeeded! It was a terrifying battle! I threw a lot of things at him and tried to get close to him! It is all so hard to remember now! I did what Faulhurst told me and tried to maintain focus on surviving rather than hurting him. The battle took hours but it worked! Faulhurst told me nothing I will fight will be as fearful! I need rest! I really need food.
-Jay Kuruvilla

Letter Nine-
Faulhurst is acting stranger and stranger every time I see him now. I have known for some time that he was a strange little creature, but he is acting stranger than he has acted before. Less friendly, though polite. I showed him the letter we wrote together. He read it like he had not read it before.
Faulthurst got very excited and told me I must be very powerful now! I have gained and thrown away a lot of weapons, but have stopped recently as few have been as powerful as what I have now. The monsters die very easily.
I asked him to explain what's happened to me. He told me that he promised me that he would explain next time we met. 
Then he told me that he hopes that he can't wait to see me again before I fought the… he called that monster something, I forget the name.
-Jay Kuruvilla

Letter Ten-
I have been going through the train backwards? I don't feel like writing about this, my chest hurts and I feel strange. I would like to not have to think about this. I feel like I am in a bad dream and trying to wake up. But I don't want to forget this.
I am worried that I will forget this.

Letter Eleven-

